aa	Afar	Qafár af
ab	Abchasisch	aab
af	Afrikaans	Afrikaans
am	Amharisch	አማርኛ
ar	Arabisch	العربية
as	Assamesisch	অসমীয়া
ay	Aymara	Aymar aru
az	Aserbaidschanisch	azərbaycanca
ba	Baschkirisch	башҡортса
be	Belorussisch	беларуская
bg	Bulgarisch	български
bh	Biharisch	भोजपुरी
bi	Bislamisch	Bislama
bn	Bengalisch	বাংলা
bo	Tibetanisch	བོད་ཡིག
br	Bretonisch	brezhoneg
ca	Katalanisch	català
co	Korsisch	corsu
cs	Tschechisch	čeština
cy	Walisisch	Cymraeg
da	Dänisch	dansk
de	Deutsch	Deutsch
dz	Dzongkha, Bhutani	ཇོང་ཁ
el	Griechisch	Ελληνικά
en	Englisch	English
eo	Esperanto	Esperanto
es	Spanisch	español
et	Estnisch	eesti
eu	Baskisch	euskara
fa	Persisch	فارسی
fi	Finnisch	suomi
fj	Na Vosa Vakaviti	Fiji
fo	Färöisch	føroyskt
fr	Französisch	français
fy	Friesisch	Frysk
ga	Irisch	Gaeilge
gd	Schottisches Gälisch	Gàidhlig
gl	Galizisch	galego
gn	Guarani	Avañe'ẽ
gu	Gujaratisch	ગુજરાતી
ha	Haussa	Hausa
he	Hebräisch	עברית
hi	Hindi	हिन्दी
hr	Kroatisch	hrvatski
hu	Ungarisch	magyar
hy	Armenisch	Հայերեն
ia	Interlingua	interlingua
id	Indonesisch	Bahasa Indonesia
ie	Interlingue	Interlingue
ik	Inupiak	Iñupiak
is	Isländisch	íslenska
it	Italienisch	italiano
iu	Inuktitut (Eskimo)	ᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitut
iw	Hebräisch (veraltet, nun: he)	iw
ja	Japanisch	日本語
ji	Jiddish (veraltet, nun: yi)	ji
jv	Javanisch	Basa Jawa
ka	Georgisch	ქართული
kk	Kasachisch	қазақша
kl	Kalaallisut (Grönländisch)	kalaallisut
km	Kambodschanisch	ភាសាខ្មែរ
kn	Kannada	ಕನ್ನಡ
ko	Koreanisch	한국어
ks	Kaschmirisch	कॉशुर / کٲشُر
ku	Kurdisch	Kurdî
ky	Kirgisisch	Кыргызча
la	Lateinisch	Latina
ln	Lingala	lingála
lo	Laotisch	ລາວ
lt	Litauisch	lietuvių
lv	Lettisch	latviešu
mg	Malagasisch	Malagasy
mi	Maorisch	Māori
mk	Mazedonisch	македонски
ml	Malajalam	മലയാളം
mn	Mongolisch	монгол
mo	Moldavisch	молдовеняскэ
mr	Marathi	मराठी
ms	Malaysisch	Bahasa Melayu
mt	Maltesisch	Malti
my	Burmesisch	မြန်မာဘာသာ
na	Nauruisch	Dorerin Naoero
ne	Nepalesisch	नेपाली
nl	Niederländisch	Nederlands
no	Norwegisch	norsk bokmål
oc	Okzitanisch	occitan
om	Oromo	Oromoo
or	Oriya	ଓଡ଼ିଆ
pa	Pundjabisch	ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
pl	Polnisch	polski
ps	Paschtu	پښتو
pt	Portugiesisch	português
qu	Quechua	Runa Simi
rm	Rätoromanisch	rumantsch
rn	Kirundisch	Kirundi
ro	Rumänisch	română
ru	Russisch	русский
rw	Kijarwanda	Kinyarwanda
sa	Sanskrit	संस्कृतम्
sd	Zinti	سنڌي
sg	Sango	Sängö
sh	Serbokroatisch (veraltet)	srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски
si	Singhalesisch	සිංහල
sk	Slowakisch	slovenčina
sl	Slowenisch	slovenščina
sm	Samoanisch	Gagana Samoa
sn	Schonisch	chiShona
so	Somalisch	Soomaaliga
sq	Albanisch	shqip
sr	Serbisch	српски / srpski
ss	Swasiländisch	SiSwati
st	Sesothisch	Sesotho
su	Sudanesisch	Basa Sunda
sv	Schwedisch	svenska
sw	Suaheli	Kiswahili
ta	Tamilisch	தமிழ்
te	Tegulu	తెలుగు
tg	Tadschikisch	тоҷикӣ
th	Thai	ไทย
ti	Tigrinja	ትግርኛ
tk	Turkmenisch	Türkmençe
tl	Tagalog	Tagalog
tn	Sezuan	Setswana
to	Tongaisch	lea faka-Tonga
tr	Türkisch	Türkçe
ts	Tsongaisch	Xitsonga
tt	Tatarisch	татарча/tatarça
tw	Twi	Twi
ug	Uigur	ئۇيغۇرچە / Uyghurche
uk	Ukrainisch	українська
ur	Urdu	اردو
uz	Usbekisch	oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча
vi	Vietnamesisch	Tiếng Việt
vo	Volapük	Volapük
wo	Wolof	Wolof
xh	Xhosa	isiXhosa
yi	Jiddish	ייִדיש
yo	Joruba	Yorùbá
za	Zhuang	Vahcuengh
zh	Chinesisch	中文
zu	Zulu	isiZulu



de-CH	Schweizerdeutsch
de-AT	österreichisches Deutsch
en-US	amerikanisches Englisch
en-CA	kanadisches Englisch
en-AU	australisches Englisch
en-GB	britisches Englisch
en-UK	königlich-britisches Englisch
cel-gaulish	Gallisch
fr-CA	kanadisches Französisch
zh-TW	Taiwan-Chinesisch
zh-guoyu	Mandarin-Chinesisch
zh-min-nan	Min-Nan-Chinesisch
zh-xiang	Xiang-Chinesisch
